Governance Polls and Atlas Edit 2024-11-18 (#2795)
makerdao/community: governance/polls/SparkLend Ethereum - Adjust SparkLend Parameters for WBTC - November 18, 2024.md

---
title: SparkLend Ethereum - Adjust SparkLend Parameters for WBTC - November 18, 2024
summary: Signal your support or opposition to reducing the liquidation threshold for WBTC on Sparklend Ethereum.
discussion_link: https://forum.sky.money/t/28-nov-2024-proposed-changes-to-spark-for-upcoming-spell/25543
parameters:
    input_format: single-choice
    victory_conditions:
        - { type : plurality }
    result_display: single-vote-breakdown
version: v2.0.0
options:
   0: Abstain
   1: Yes
   2: No
start_date: 2024-11-18T16:00:00
end_date: 2024-11-21T16:00:00
---
# Poll: SparkLend Ethereum - Adjust SparkLend Parameters for WBTC - November 18, 2024

> The Governance Facilitators have placed a Governance Poll into the voting system on behalf of Spark Protocol and the Ecosystem Facilitators. This Governance [Poll](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.1.9.1_Operational_Weekly_Cycle-b189fa17-57a9-4d4e-9780-0ce4efd94211|0db30308) will be active for three days beginning on Monday, November 18 at 16:00 UTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Governance Facilitators have placed a Governance Poll into the voting system on behalf of Spark Protocol and the Stability Facilitator. This Governance [Poll](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.1.9.1_Operational_Weekly_Cycle-b189fa17-57a9-4d4e-9780-0ce4efd94211|0db30308) will be active for three days beginning on Monday, November 18 at 16:00 UTC.
```
